hi my name is Brett and I'm a stand-up
comic and freelance writer and as you
can imagine neither of those jobs pays
very well so I'm looking for some
part-time work here's what I'm bringing
to the table
excellent spelling grammar and
proofreading skills an eye for design
detail-oriented
I'm consistent punctual I'm good at
coming up with nicknames for dogs I'm
also fluent in all the Spanish from
pixie sighs are you looking for someone
for 10 to 20 hours a week who is decent
loyal and hardworking the email me at
Fred Hamill at gmail.com and thanks for
your time
oh and I'm also selling this hat if
you're interested in the Hat
email me it's matched the system 666
underscore monkey balls that Anarchy dot
is thank you
you